This collection is associated with the article "Control becomes
habitual early on when learning a novel motor skill". This code
generates all figures related to the point-to-point reaching task. Raw
data is contained in the folder "Data". The data is further subdivided
into folders for the 2-day, 5-day, and 10-day training groups,
participants in each group, and blocks for each participant. The
numerical order of the blocks correspond to the chronological order
that participants performed the experiment. The block names correspond
to the following:

      B1_baseline: 30 reaches under the baseline mapping
      B2 - (B5 or B14 or B29): 100 reaches under the bimanual mapping
      (B6 or B15 or B30)_habit: 100 reaches under the flipped mapping

Data from each trial is stored as separate .dat files within each
block folder. The columns in each .dat file correspond to the
following:

      columns 1-2: left hand x/y position
      columns 3-4: right hand x/y position
      columns 5-6: cursor x/y position
      column 7: state of the experiment, represented as a number
            7: hold period before go cue
	    3: time between target presentation and cursor leaving start circle
      	    4: reach epoch
	    6: intertrial interval
      column 9: time
      all other columns: extraneous information not used for analysis

Target positions on each trial were set using "tFile.tgt" included in
every data folder. The columns in this file correspond to the following:

      column 1: trial number
      column 2: target x-position
      column 3: target y-position
      columns 4-5: extraneous information that is not used for analysis

All analyses can be performed and all figures generated by running
main.m. All other .m files are functions that are used by main.m for
analysis or plotting. Briefly, these fuctions do the following:

      editErrorBar.m: changes appearance of shadedErrorBar object
      loadSubjData.m: extract raw data from .dat files
      modelRecovery.m: performs model recovery
      plot_away.m: plots proportion of reaches aimed away from target
      plot_direction.m: plots reach direction error
      plot_flip.m: fits mixture model to data in flip block
      plot_heatmap.m: plots heatmaps of reach directions
      plot_kinematics.m: plots various kinematic metrics
      plot_traj.m: plots raw trajectories
      processData.m: initial analysis of raw data
      shadedErrorBar.m: plots shaded error bars
      vmrand.m: generates data randomly from a von Mises distribution

Two scripts here were created by other individuals, shadedErrorBar.m
and vmrand.m. The associated licenses for these scripts can be found
in the "Licenses" folder.

Also included is a folder "Variables" which contains
accuracy.mat. This variable contains a precomputed accuracy matrix
which can be used to generate plots for modelRecovery.m. Using this
matrix is significantly faster than computing the matrix from
scratch. For instructions on generating this matrix from scratch, see
main.m.

This code requires the following MATLAB toolboxes:

      Statistics and Machine Learning Toolbox
      Signal Processing Toolbox